thanks guys I'm here outside the famous
TCL Chinese Theatre in Hollywood where
you're about to see some of the craziest
characters you've ever seen not because
they're dressed up in Star Wars costumes
but because they're waiting in line for
two weeks for a movie they already have
tickets to let's begin what creature did
Luke and Han use to stay warm and Hoth's
frigid temperatures oh my god a tauntaun
that's right at what temperature does
water boil Oh water boils at Oh name one
member of the Star Wars galactic Senate
masa Maeda
yes one member of the US Senate the US
Senate named one member of the Star Wars
galactic Senate fail Organa
name one member of the US Senate name
one member of the Star Wars galactic
Senate Queen Amidala true name one
member of the US Senate who was the
apprentice to Darth Plagueis the wise
that would have been impure Palpatine
correct who was the vice presidential
candidate under Mitt Romney that's
embarrassing I do not know that Cory my
dad owns one who asked me political
question I don't know what he's doing to
me it seems involuntary what else are
you doing this week there's a couple
that I'm officiating their wedding
actually guys why did you choose Star
Wars for this to be your special day I
was gonna have a lot of stones stuffing
the wedding anyway stormtroopers
wait wait you're gonna walk to the
Imperial March that was gonna be a
surprise
well I hope you guys have an awesome
wedding and an even better honeymoon and
help you out here are two Star Wars
Fandango gift cards for you guys to take
yourselves to go the movies take your
eventual kids